source/libs/sprout/algorithm/index.rst, before:

.. _sprout-algorithm:
###############################################################################
Sprout.Algorithm
###############################################################################

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    all_of
    all_of_equal
    any_of
    any_of_equal
    none_of
    none_of_equal
    one_of
    one_of_equal
    find
    find_if
    find_if_not
    find_end
    find_first_of
    adjacent_find
    count
    count_if
    mismatch
    equal
    is_permutation
    search
    search_n
    is_sorted
    is_sorted_until

.. _sprout-algorithm-non_modifying:
*******************************************************************************
Non-modifying sequence operations
*******************************************************************************

* :doc:`all_of <./all_of>`
* :doc:`all_of_equal <./all_of_equal>`
* :doc:`any_of <./any_of>`
* :doc:`any_of_equal <./any_of_equal>`
* :doc:`none_of <./none_of>`
* :doc:`none_of_equal <./none_of_equal>`
* :doc:`one_of <./one_of>`
* :doc:`one_of_equal <./one_of_equal>`
* :doc:`find <./find>`
* :doc:`find_if <./find_if>`
* :doc:`find_if_not <./find_if_not>`
* :doc:`find_end <./find_end>`
* :doc:`find_first_of <./find_first_of>`
* :doc:`adjacent_find <./adjacent_find>`
* :doc:`count <./count>`
* :doc:`count_if <./count_if>`
* :doc:`mismatch <./mismatch>`
* :doc:`equal <./equal>`
* :doc:`is_permutation <./is_permutation>`
* :doc:`search <./search>`
* :doc:`search_n <./search_n>`

.. _sprout-algorithm-non_modifying-sorting:
Sorting
========================================

* :doc:`is_sorted <./is_sorted>`
* :doc:`is_sorted_until <./is_sorted_until>`
* :doc:`is_increasing <./is_increasing>`
* :doc:`is_decreasing <./is_decreasing>`
* :doc:`is_strictly_increasing <./is_strictly_increasing>`
* :doc:`is_strictly_decreasing <./is_strictly_decreasing>`

.. _sprout-algorithm-non_modifying-binary:
Binary search
========================================

* :doc:`lower_bound <./lower_bound>`
* :doc:`upper_bound <./upper_bound>`
* :doc:`equal_range <./equal_range>`
* :doc:`binary_search <./binary_search>`

.. _sprout-algorithm-non_modifying-heap:
Heap operations
========================================

* :doc:`is_heap_until <./is_heap_until>`
* :doc:`is_heap <./is_heap>`

.. _sprout-algorithm-non_modifying-minmax:
Minimum and maximum
========================================

* :doc:`min <./min>`
* :doc:`max <./max>`
* :doc:`minmax <./minmax>`
* :doc:`min_element <./min_element>`
* :doc:`max_element <./max_element>`
* :doc:`minmax_element <./minmax_element>`

.. _sprout-algorithm-non_modifying-lexicographical:
Lexicographical comparison
========================================

* :doc:`lexicographical_compare <./lexicographical_compare>`
* :doc:`tristate_lexicographical_compare <./tristate_lexicographical_compare>`

.. _sprout-algorithm-non_modifying-clamp:
Clamp algorithm
========================================

* :doc:`clamp <./clamp>`

Header
========================================

``sprout/algorithm.hpp``

Commit message:

add doc: is_increasing, is_decreasing

source/libs/sprout/algorithm/index.rst, after:

.. _sprout-algorithm:
###############################################################################
Sprout.Algorithm
###############################################################################

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    all_of
    all_of_equal
    any_of
    any_of_equal
    none_of
    none_of_equal
    one_of
    one_of_equal
    find
    find_if
    find_if_not
    find_end
    find_first_of
    adjacent_find
    count
    count_if
    mismatch
    equal
    is_permutation
    search
    search_n
    is_sorted
    is_sorted_until
    is_increasing
    is_decreasing
    is_strictly_increasing
    is_strictly_decreasing

.. _sprout-algorithm-non_modifying:
*******************************************************************************
Non-modifying sequence operations
*******************************************************************************

* :doc:`all_of <./all_of>`
* :doc:`all_of_equal <./all_of_equal>`
* :doc:`any_of <./any_of>`
* :doc:`any_of_equal <./any_of_equal>`
* :doc:`none_of <./none_of>`
* :doc:`none_of_equal <./none_of_equal>`
* :doc:`one_of <./one_of>`
* :doc:`one_of_equal <./one_of_equal>`
* :doc:`find <./find>`
* :doc:`find_if <./find_if>`
* :doc:`find_if_not <./find_if_not>`
* :doc:`find_end <./find_end>`
* :doc:`find_first_of <./find_first_of>`
* :doc:`adjacent_find <./adjacent_find>`
* :doc:`count <./count>`
* :doc:`count_if <./count_if>`
* :doc:`mismatch <./mismatch>`
* :doc:`equal <./equal>`
* :doc:`is_permutation <./is_permutation>`
* :doc:`search <./search>`
* :doc:`search_n <./search_n>`

.. _sprout-algorithm-non_modifying-sorting:
Sorting
========================================

* :doc:`is_sorted <./is_sorted>`
* :doc:`is_sorted_until <./is_sorted_until>`
* :doc:`is_increasing <./is_increasing>`
* :doc:`is_decreasing <./is_decreasing>`
* :doc:`is_strictly_increasing <./is_strictly_increasing>`
* :doc:`is_strictly_decreasing <./is_strictly_decreasing>`

.. _sprout-algorithm-non_modifying-binary:
Binary search
========================================

* :doc:`lower_bound <./lower_bound>`
* :doc:`upper_bound <./upper_bound>`
* :doc:`equal_range <./equal_range>`
* :doc:`binary_search <./binary_search>`

.. _sprout-algorithm-non_modifying-heap:
Heap operations
========================================

* :doc:`is_heap <./is_heap>`
* :doc:`is_heap_until <./is_heap_until>`

.. _sprout-algorithm-non_modifying-minmax:
Minimum and maximum
========================================

* :doc:`min <./min>`
* :doc:`max <./max>`
* :doc:`minmax <./minmax>`
* :doc:`min_element <./min_element>`
* :doc:`max_element <./max_element>`
* :doc:`minmax_element <./minmax_element>`

.. _sprout-algorithm-non_modifying-lexicographical:
Lexicographical comparison
========================================

* :doc:`lexicographical_compare <./lexicographical_compare>`
* :doc:`tristate_lexicographical_compare <./tristate_lexicographical_compare>`

.. _sprout-algorithm-non_modifying-clamp:
Clamp algorithm
========================================

* :doc:`clamp <./clamp>`

Header
========================================

``sprout/algorithm.hpp``
